you know there's so many great
restaurants in New York maybe more than
any place whenever I'm here I like to
eat I like to try something new so
there's a restaurant in the East Village
called the Black Ant it's been getting a
lot of attention I wanted to try it but
I didn't want to go alone so I invited
my young nephews who live here my cousin
Kristi and my cousin Jimmy's kids to
join me on a culinary adventure we made
a reservation and Guillermo and I took
the kids out for dinner and a surprise
here it is right through there
welcome to the black and here's your
table funnel man thank you very much
yeah thank you
all right this is a Mexican food
restaurant do you like Mexican food like
some of it I like tacos
Guillermo I love Mexico how are you guys
welcome to bellacor yes my name is Mike
Hernandez I'm the chief of black ham
restaurant and West Village
we prepared tonight for you guys a
little tasting menu we hope you guys
enjoy it
this is one of the best restaurants in
New York so this is gonna be a great
meal thank you hope you'ii
[Music]
so we're gonna start guys with our
worker Molly in some black and salt what
is that black and salt
those are my hands yep Reston is a
Mexican place in whistle are we insects
and some of our dishes
thank you we just eat those right there
on the chips right yes very good
enjoy dig in fellas to get the burgers
or something like that
it winded up to be that we were gonna
have ants and bugs for dinner I'm not
eating the black ants what do you mean I
don't want to I mean that's the whole
thing here yeah just have a little
experiment you like it we take our taste
very good
mm-hmm
go
it's I the ants really get stuck in your
teeth yeah when people here I'm related
to Jimmy Kimmel would think oh that's so
cool but now like they'll see it's not
that cool watermelon like jelly some
grasshoppers Oh grasshoppers yeah guys
like grasshoppers they're tried before
all right dig in or I guess we can just
pick this up right yeah what do you
think eating this is honestly like my
worst nightmare
Mateo what do you think he liked that
one I can't believe I put a jacket on
for this what do you think about adults
who would come to this restaurant spend
a good amount of money to eat here crazy
it seems crazy to you I can't wait to
see what's next maybe it'll be a soup
with flies in it we can say waiter
there's a fly in my soup and he'll go I
know
oh I got a big one taco with cicchitto
peppers worm tacos let's eat some
calamari in tortilla you say thank you
if you like worm tacos no how do you
know I haven't feeling I'm not going to
you have I'll have the first bite what
do you think about that all right guys
everyone
you guys are gonna love it just don't
think about it just go for it
that's how Guillermo eats it doesn't
think about it you don't read the words
get make sure you get some warm in there
that's what really gets it the zinc
aren't you home
nice do you think Mateo you love it
so let's recap we've had ants we've had
grasshoppers and we've had worms which
do we like best ants ants you know we're
gonna have her dessert all right what
we're gonna eat boogers human boogers
for dessert
Tom somebody I'm just kidding dessert so
Melissa I don't want the chef to feel
bad about the food so when he comes out
with you guys well do me a favor when he
comes out just tell him how much you
loved everything okay and to be specific
all right yeah how's that guys well I
think I'll let these guys speak for
themselves
Mateo what do you think that's good I
loved it you loved it yeah the worm
winces I loved it too - I loved the worm
I liked the ants especially the
watermelon yeah it's very good I would
definitely come back here and my parents
say you will
really the best part was the water but I
didn't say the chips was a second bus
thank you so these guys I think you've
got some converts here they really loved
it thank you maybe think you guys want
more Uncle Jimmy wants to have a good
time with his nephews like go to the
water park you guys want to get out of
here she get their gear mo you get the
check
thanks everybody thank you
[Music]
who wants some ants on their pizza no
they're black they're the kind you guys
like a little bit no isn't it fun when
although Jimmy comes to town
you know what maybe tomorrow I will go
out and eat a rat
what do you think all right if you liked
that video click the subscribe button
but only if you're ready for commitment